# Documentation

:table class="docs-home-table"

> ## [[ Getting started ]]
> 
> Everything you need to get up and running with Flipside.

---

> ## [[ Controller basics ]]
> 
> Grabbing objects, teleporting, facial expression controls and more.

---

> ## [[ Utility belt ]]
> 
> Commonly accessed utilities for Flipside creators.

---

> ## [[ Characters ]]
> 
> Choosing and getting the most out of Flipside's characters.

---

> ## [[ Handheld camera ]]
> 
> Capture handheld camera shots and even selfies with the handheld camera feature.

:col class="docs-home-table"

> ## [[ What's new ]]
> 
> Discover the latest features and changes to Flipside.

---

> ## [[ Menu overview ]]
> 
> A short tour of the Flipside user interface.

---

> ## [[ Sets ]]
> 
> Accessing different sets to make your shows on.

---

> ## [[ Building your set ]]
> 
> Dressing (customizing) your sets with props and more in the Flipside set builder.

---

> ## [[ Recording a show ]]
> 
> How to record a show, add and remove parts, live stream a show, and cut to multiple cameras.

:col class="docs-home-table"

> ## [[ Tutorials ]]
> 
> Step-by-step guides and videos on an array of topics for all skill levels.

---

> ## [[ Creator profile ]]
> 
> How to use the creator back-end to customize Flipside to meet your needs.

---

> ## [[ Creator tools ]]
> 
> Create and import custom characters using the Flipside Creator Tools.

---

> ## [[ Tips and tricks ]]
> 
> Special features and tips to get the most out of Flipside.

---

> ## [[ Getting help ]]
> 
> How to get help if something goes wrong.

:endtable
